In addition to our company's business
Outside of film and television shooting
There are many others.
For example, a variety show
Dance music
Reality shows and so on.
So here I am.
The room for your choices and development will be very large
As for you
I will prepare a singing talent show for you.
The strongest girl
You're gonna hit all over the country with this show
Great, all right.
Here's your CEO.
Sister Liya
Hello, Sister Liya
Boring you are so nice to me
Are you alright? I sprained my foot.
I'll take you to the hospital
I don't want it.
What's up?
Lu Yao, I won't work for you for nothing
Of course not. Why would you think that?
Then you are so kind to Miss Chen.
Don't even ask me
Why are you jealous?